Add how-to page to disable default network policies (#53)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/remove-default-networkpolicies.adoc

= Remove Default NetworkPolicies

In every namespace 2 `NetworkPolicies` are created and maintained by {product}:

. `allow-from-other-namespaces`: This policy allows the Router and other system components to connect to the pods.
. `allow-from-same-namespace`: This policy allows connections between pods in the same namespace.

NOTE: Changes to these policies are reverted to their original state.

If you have the need to customize the default policies, you can remove them and provide your own policies.

> To customize the policies, configure the namespace labels as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable the automatic network policy management of {product} by adding labels to a namespace as shown below.
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:
    openshift.io/description: ""
    openshift.io/display-name: My cool project
    openshift.io/requester: my-username
  labels:
    appuio.io/organization: my-company
    kubernetes.io/metadata.name: my-namespace
    network-policies.syn.tools/no-defaults: 'true' <1>
    network-policies.syn.tools/purge-defaults: 'true' <2>
  name: my-namespace
----

> <1> Set this label to prevent reverting the default network policies in case you edit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Add this label to prevent {product} from reverting changes to the default network policies.
Note that {product} won't recreate the default network policies (for example if they are accidentally deleted) if this label is set to `true`.
Also note that {product} won't create the default network policies if this label is set to `true` when the namespace is created.
```

> <2> Set this label to remove the default network policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Add this label only if you want to completely remove the default network policies.
Note that {product} will remove any network policy which matches the name of one of the default policies if this label is set to `true`.
```

[WARNING]
====

> Removing the defaults without replacing with appropriate policies causes also system components to be locked out from your namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing or modifying the default policies from a namespace without having appropriate replacement policies in place will prevent system components (such as the OpenShift Router) from connecting to applications in the namespace.
```
